# minnie-janus

A small, modern, transparent JavaScript interface for the [Janus WebRTC gateway API](https://janus.conf.meetecho.com/docs/rest.html), for browsers as well as Node.js.

Inspiration came from the project [minijanus](https://github.com/mozilla/minijanus.js) (hence this name, 'minnie-janus'), but this is a rewrite from scratch because I needed ES6 modules, events, better logging, and a fix of one small (API issue)[https://github.com/mozilla/minijanus.js/issues/3] in minijanus.

Provided are two behavior implementations, `Session` (see [src/session.js](src/session.js)) and `BasePlugin` (see [src/base-plugin.js](src/base-plugin.js)), which transparently map to their server-side equivalents.

`BasePlugin` is supposed to be extended with per-plugin logic before being attached to a `Session` instance, because Janus plugins are more like applications with very specific behavior.

Neither `Session` nor `BasePlugin` instances actually communicate with janus-gateway. The parent application instantiating a `Session` is responsible for wiring up the transport of choice (REST HTTP(S), (Secure) WebSockets, etc.) to the `Session.receive()` method and the `Session#output` event.

Usage of mini-janus is best illustrated by the full demo/example implementing the 'echotest' plugin (included in Janus' source code). It can be found in the [demo](demo) subdirectory (see also [demo/README.md](demo/README.md) there).

Source code is documented as well as possible.

If your environment is not yet ready for ES6 modules, use `dist/session.js` and `dist/base-plugin.js` and their source maps instead. These distribution files can be regenerated by running `gulp build`.

The status of this library is BETA.


    
    
# License

Copyright 2018 Michael Karl Franzl

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.